# the name of your event
name = "Measuring IPFS"

# the name of the group organizing the event
org = "PL Starfleet"

# the github handle of the directly responsible individual for this event
# (this person will coordinate with devent organizers)
dri = "@yiannisbot"

# the website of the event
# make sure to have all the relevant information: dates, venue, program, ticketing (if any), etc.
# website = ""

# the start date of the event
date = "2022-07-15"

# how many days the event lasts (1 - N)
days = 1

# the event times (shows up in the event card)
times = "09:00 - 17:00"

# the event venue name (will show up on the event card - TODO)
venueName = ""

# the event venue address (will show up on a map -- TODO)
venueAddress = ""

# the max number of attendees of the event
attendees = "50"


# these is unsued:
# tickets = "Waitlist"

# the "difficulty" of the event -- one of:
# ["Beginner", "Intermediate", "Advanced", "All Welcome"]
difficulty = "All Welcome"

# tags for the event, will show up as labels.
# pick 1-4
tags = ["Talks", "Workshops"]

# a color, to group key events visually. use sparingly
# color="purple"

# a description of the event.
# will show up when the user clicks the event card.
description = """
_You can’t improve what you don’t measure and you should measure what (you think) you’ve just improved._

We need to get to a point where we can measure the performance of all protocol and system components of the IPFS stack, identify bottlenecks and propose optimizations.

In this track we will present the measurement studies we've kickstarted and will then go on to explore the components that will benefit from more detailed monitoring. We'll also workshop on the details of the methodologies needed in order to actually have this monitoring in place. Ultimately, the session's target is to identify how we can transition towards a culture of protocol measurement, monitoring & optimization.

Anyone is welcome to pop in and bring new items to our attention.
"""

[[timeslots]]
startTime="09:00"
speakers=["@yiannisbot"]
title="The Importance of Network Measurements and Monitoring"

[[timeslots]]
startTime="09:30"
speakers=["@Guillaume Michel"]
title="DHT Routing Table entries: are they up-to-date?"
description="Every DHT Server peer keeps a list of entries in its routing table in order to be able to communicate and redirect other peers to the peer that is most likely to have the required information. These entries need to be updated in order to keep up with network churn and other events. In this talk we'll describe the methodology we used to identify whether the DHT Routing Table is keeping healthy as well as results about the accuracy of entries."

[[timeslots]]
startTime="10:15"
speakers=["@Mikel Cortez"]
title="Provider Records: do they stay alive long enough?"
description="Provider records help content stay alive in the IPFS network. But they come with several settings that have to be tuned to the right value in order to take into account network churn, but also avoid overloading the network or the end peers. In this talk we'll show what we did to monitor the effectiveness of these settings as well as whether they're effective or need fine-tuning."

[[timeslots]]
startTime="11:00"
speakers=[]
title="Coffee Break"

[[timeslots]]
startTime="11:15"
speakers=["@Dennis Trautwein"]
title="libp2p NAT Hole Punching Success Rate"
description="As of IPFS v0.13, nodes are equiped with libp2p's NAT hole punching technique. In this session we'll present how effective the technique actually is so far, as well as the methodology we use to measure its success rate."

[[timeslots]]
startTime="12:00"
speakers=[""]
title="Lunch Break"

[[timeslots]]
startTime="13:30"
speakers=["@thibmeu"]
title="Monitoring Cloudflare IPFS gateway"
description="Strategies and learnings from monitoring a public IPFS gateway, and what challenges remain."

[[timeslots]]
startTime="14:00"
speakers=["@Adin Schmahmann"]
title="Parts of the IPFS Stack that could do with more monitoring."
description="IPFS and libp2p have lots of protocols, components and dozens of settings. Some of them are set after rigorous investigation but others are set experimentally. In this talk we'll pinpoint those items that are in need of monitoring and evaluation."


[[timeslots]]
startTime="14:30"
speakers=[]
title="Breakout/Unconf 1: Topic TBA"
description="During the morning slots we'll pick items (components, protocols, settings) that need further investigation and more rigorous performance assessment. During the afternoon slots, we'll workshop to derive measurement methodologies for those items. Topics will be proposed here ahead of time, but are subject to change during the event. Proposals are more than welcome."

[[timeslots]]
startTime="15:30"
speakers=[]
title="Breakout/Unconf 2: Topic TBA"
description="During the morning slots we'll pick items (components, protocols, settings) that need further investigation and more rigorous performance assessment. During the afternoon slots, we'll workshop to derive measurement methodologies for those items. Topics will be proposed here ahead of time, but are subject to change during the event. Proposals are more than welcome."

[[timeslots]]
startTime="16:30"
speakers=["@yiannisbot"]
title="Report Back & Summary"
description="Summary of main findings from the day and draft plan of our work items until EoY."

[[timeslots]]
startTime="17:00"
speakers=[]
title="Open Discussion"
